Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
What are you doing. hon?
It’s what the doctor said.
I thought you wanted another round.
My wife’s so hardworking.
Doesn’t even look tired from last night.
Good morning. hon. Come eat.
I made you breakfast.
Here. your coffee.
- What is it. hon? - My wife is just so beautiful.
Oh. stop it. smooth talker.
You really know how to win me over.
I can already imagine how happy we’d be once we have a child.
You’d finally have company here at home.
I’m sorry. hon.
Hey. it’s okay.
We’ll just keep trying.
It’s not our fault.
In time. we’ll be blessed with one too.
Don’t be sad anymore.
Sorry. hon. I’m running late.
You’re leaving already?
- Alright. - I’ll get going now.
Just call me if you need anything. okay?
Mm-hmm. Take care.
- Love you. - Love you too.
I’ll miss you.
- Take care. - Bye.
Oh. hon. you’re home already.
Flowers for my lovely wife.
Wow.
That’s so sweet.
I just want to make you happy.
I know you get lonely when I’m not here.
Thank you. hon.
Hon. sorry I got home late.
Our team had to work overtime. There’s a huge backlog at the office.
Mm-hmm?
You look exhausted. Go ahead and get some rest.
- Uh... hon. - Hmm? What is it?
I wanted to ask your permission.
I’m attending my boss’s birthday party later.
Oh... That's tonight?
Will you let me go?
You already told me about it before. didn’t you?
It’s overnight. hon. so I wanted to ask again.
Hmm... alright.
- I trust you. - Thank you. hon.
You’re really the best.
Behave yourself there. okay?
Of course. I always do.
- Alright. hon. I’ll go get dressed. - Okay. go ahead.
- Cheers! - Cheers!
- Whoo! - Whoo!
Party time!
Man. our boy’s really killing it!
Go for it. Omar.
- I’m taking her home later. - Are you?
Let Omar have her. man!
Hey. man! Slow down. you’re married!
Listen to this guy... You’ll be married yourself in a week!
Does Roda even know this is a bachelor party?
Ahh... so you didn’t tell her. You’re screwed!
Women tend to overthink
when their husbands go out at night...
Roda trusts me completely. and besides...
I’m not gonna get caught.
You’re such an asshole. Ace! Your wife deserves better.
Didn’t she give up everything just to be a housewife?
Even her career. just so you two could have a child.
Wasn’t her family against you too? She sacrificed everything.
Don’t hurt Roda. man...
Honestly. you’re lucky Roda even married you.
Your wife’s premium quality.
Alright. boys. cheers!
- Cheers! - Cheers!
You guys are way too serious.
Here’s some friendly advice—
There’ll be temptation tonight. so don’t let the alcohol get to you.
You guys really can’t take a joke anymore.
It’s not like I plan on getting caught.
- You’re unbelievable! - Damn. Ace!
Nice catch.
Hello. I’m Ace.
And I’m your Bunny Girl…
So? Let’s go?
Wait. wait.
You know this is my first time?
Really?
First time I’ve been kissed this well.
How about this? First time too?
First...
You like that?
Shit. you're so good.
Damn. man... that looks so good.
So. bro? Feels good?
Go on. I like that. Keep going!
You’re amazing!
You like that?
Split me. baby.
Split me!
Split you? You sure?
Oh. shit!
Keep going. baby!
I think I’m falling for you.
You’re amazing.
What did you say?
Nothing.
- Hello. hon. - Hey. hon.
I’m on my way home. Sorry. I drank too much last night.
I was worried sick. You weren’t answering.
I’m okay. hon. Thanks.
Okay. just get home safe. alright?
I’ll make you soup when you get here to help with your hangover.
Alright. hon. Thanks.
Oh. by the way. my cousin Janice is here. From Cebu.
She’ll be staying with us for a while during her trip here Manila.
Is that okay?
Janice? I don’t think I’ve met her.
Alright. let’s talk when I get home. I’m almost there anyway.
- Okay. Take care. - Thanks. hon.
Love you. hon. Bye.
- Hey. honey. - Hey. hon.
- Still feeling sick? - A bit.
- Let’s eat? - Yeah. sit.
While it’s still hot.
Want some medicine for your headache?
I’ll skip the meds. I’ll just sleep it off later.
You sure?
- Hi. - Oh. Janice! You’re up.
Come eat with us. You okay. hon?
Sorry. hon.
Come on.
I’m not really hungry yet.
Come on. eat with us.
- Skipping meals isn’t good. Sit down. - Alright.
Let’s eat.
By the way. this is Ace.
He was out partying last night. so he got home late.
Hi. Ace.
You’re both so quiet.
You’re both shy. huh?
It’s my first time meeting him.
Don’t worry. you’ll get used to each other.
You didn’t go home to Roda last night. huh?
I stayed in a private room. She knew I wasn’t coming home.
- You’re really casual about it. huh? - Not here. Janice.
You said...
you loved me?
Lower your voice!
If Roda hears you. we’re both done for.
Don’t worry...
I’m careful.
Just do as I say.
and I won’t cause trouble.
Hey. you’ve been so quiet. What’s going on?
Remember that Bunny Girl last night?
The one-night stand?
Yeah. Shit. man... she’s Roda’s cousin.
What?
- Crazy. right? - How the hell did that happen?
You don’t even know your wife’s relatives?
How was I supposed to know she had a cousin from Cebu?
I thought she was the youngest cousin.
Janice is young though. right?
Well. that’s your type.
Still. man... what are the odds?
Exactly.
So what now?
I don’t know. man. It already happened.
Like I told you.
never make decisions when you’re drunk.
Poor Roda...
She still doesn’t know her husband’s cheating.
- Stay out of it. - I’m just saying.
They’re already adults. and still don’t know right from wrong?
That’s just how men are.
When temptation shows up. they give in.
That’s not an excuse. So what. you’re the same?
Try me. If I ever catch you. you’re dead.
And your friend? He goes after everybody—
Even me.
No. he won’t.
Shit.
Harder!
Shit. so good...
I want it slow… Slower…
Deeper!
Shit!
I’m gonna cum!
Yes!
Yes. daddy!
You’re so good!
You’re even better…
Shh...
Ah!
Want some? I bought some bread.
No thanks.
Bread tastes better
when dipped in coffee.
You need to dip it in.
You want some?
I don’t know what to do anymore. bro.
So. you regret what you did?
I feel like something’s bound to happen.
Something will happen if you keep thinking with your dick.
I can’t stay away from Janice. bro.
Get your act together. Don’t make it worse.
Come on. let’s get back to running.
Alright.
Oh. You look like you’ve seen a ghost.
What are you doing?
Don’t you want to finish what we started?
- I’m your cousin’s husband. - So?
You want that?
Hon? Are you almost done?
Hon? Are you done?
- I really need to pee. - Just a minute. hon.
Almost done.
I really need to pee.
You're taking too long. I need to pee.
You just took a shower.
but you’re already sweating?
Hold on. I’m brushing my teeth.
Have you seen Janice?
How would I know? I was in the shower.
It’s good.
What’s better…
the spring roll. or me?
Of course. you.
Oh. cous-- Hi!
Janice. who were you talking to?
My friend. She called earlier.
- Here. - Oh.
I made spring rolls. Come eat.
Wow. okay. Let me try.
- Good? - Yeah. really good.
Eat up.
So you can finish it.
It’s good.
Yeah… It’s good…
I just forgot something in the car.
- I’ll be right back. - Okay.
- Hi. - Janice.
We need to stop this.
- Are you scared of Roda? - Of course.
I thought you said…
- you loved me? - Huh?
- When did I say that? - During our first night.
Remember?
Don’t you understand what’s going on here?
I don’t want to hide anymore.
I’m telling Roda everything.
Janice— wait! Hold on!
Wait…
Don’t.
Please… don’t. Janice.
Don’t tell her. I’ll do anything. I’ll follow whatever you want.
Anything you want… I’ll do it.
Roda might wake up.
Shh. She won’t be waking up anytime soon.
- Hi. hon. - Hi.
Need a hand?
- Are you sure? Alright. - Of course.
I missed you.
Missed me?
We’re together every day.
I mean this… like this.
I missed us being like this.
My wife’s so hardworking.
That’s why I love you so much.
- Really? - Of course.
- You know that. right? - Mm-hmm.
You’re so sweet.
Oh. hon.
Why are you working there? Why don’t you work at the table?
I’m fine here. hon. I’m almost done anyway.
Oh.
Whose is this?
This is not mine.
How would I know? Why are you asking me? I don’t wear panties.
- Cous? Ace? - Oh?
I’m going out for a bit.
Oops...
That’s mine.
How did that get here?
I’m going out with a friend.
I’ll be home late.
Alright.
Your cousin’s so messy.
You should talk to her.
Don’t worry. I’ll handle it.
Janice.
Janice. we need to talk.
- There’s nothing to talk about. - I’m done.
- What did you say? - I said I’m done!
I’m done. This ends now.
I love my wife.
So after having sex with me multiple times.
you’re suddenly “in love with your wife”?
Screw you.
I’ll tell Roda to kick you out tomorrow.
Don’t ruin our lives.
You said you loved me!
You son of a bitch!
You can’t take it back!
- You’ll regret this— - Go ahead. do whatever you want!
I’ll tell Roda everything.
I’d rather fight with my wife.
than be controlled by a psycho like you!
You don’t get to say-- You don’t get to say that!
I better not see you when I get back.
Because I might lose control…
I don’t know what I’ll do to you.
Crazy.
Hon!
Roda!
What happened?
- Janice is dead. - What?
Is that confirmed?
Are you Mr. Ace Quijano?
Yes. sir.
You had a strong motive.
And you had direct ties to the victim.
And according to Ms. Roda. you introduced Janice as your cousin.
I better not see you when I get back.
Because I might lose control…
I don’t know what I’ll do to you. Crazy!
Where did you get this video?
What cousin?
Ben… What is this?
Because I might lose control…
I don’t know what I’ll do to you.
You’re right. sir.
I let Janice stay here because my husband said she was his cousin.
What cousin? She is her cousin. sir!
She’s not my cousin! What the hell is going on. Roda?
According to our records. you are not related at all.
I don’t know what you’re talking about. sir.
Roda. please help me.
Mr. Ace Quijano. may we check your bag?
Here. I didn’t do anything wrong. sir.
What is this?
That’s not mine!
Sir. confirmed. It smells like poison.
- Confirmed. - What are you talking about?
That’s not mine! Are you even listening?
Mr. Ace Quijano. please come with us to the station
to give your statement and explain there.
No—I’m not going with you! I didn’t do anything!
Come with us. sir.
- Let’s go. sir. - Hon. help me!
- You can explain at the station. - Help me. hon!
- Hon. I didn’t do anything! - Let’s go. sir.
I didn’t do anything!
Hon!
I gave up everything.
I gave up my own dreams…
For real. boss?
- Put that down already. - Just a sec. I’m finishing this.
You won’t stop. huh?
What are you on about? Give me my phone!
So you can flirt around? You think I don’t notice?
Even your boss?
What are you saying? That’s my boss!
I can support you even if you quit your job.
So stop this!
Next time. I’ll smash this on your face!
But it was all just an illusion.
I trusted you too much.
Even though you kept breaking that trust…
Even the people closest to you…
You crossed them.
You never realized that because of you…
this was the beginning of your downfall.
Miss Roda?
Do you remember my friend I was telling you about?
The one you could trust?
So. Janice… can you do it?
100 thousand.
Deal.
You’re too fragile.
Weak.
You were never worthy of someone like me.
We’re clear. okay? I already did my part.
Don’t worry. Your job’s done.
And you. Janice…
You were too quick to bite the hand that fed you.
I changed my mind. Make it one million pesos.
If not. I’ll tell your husband everything you’ve been doing…
Things might get messy.
Or Ace might even have you arrested.
Here. have some juice.
I'm not dumb
to just turn a blind eye.
I'll make sure I'll have the last laugh.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm